I found the following text: Local Hikes Within a 30 minute drivet Poly Canyon There are tons of trails back in Poly Canyon, and it's right on campust Be sure to check out the Architectural Design Village back therel Take N. Perimeter Road to Poly Canyon Road (right by the North in dorms). Follow the road and explorel Timeframe: 30 min.- as long as you want Bishop Peak This hike is a good workout and rewards you with sweeping views at the top. It can be crowded and watch out for poison oaki There are so great side hikes from the Highland entrance (e.g. Felsman Loop). Directions Foothill trailhead: follow Foothill through town. After the area there will be a large pullout on the r Highland trailhead: follow Highland drive off campus. Continue through the residential area, as you begin to go fork-go LEFT! The road ends in a cul-de-sac. Timeframe: 1-2 residential ight uphill the road will hours Cerro San Luis (aka Madonna) Madonna is quite the hill and a great workout. The trail road and it's hard to get lost. On a clear day you can see to Morro Bay from the top. There are also great side hikes. Wat bikers Directions Head south on 101. Take the Marsh stree is on a fire ch out for mountain t exit and turn left into a dirt parking lot (this is before the underpass). Park and head up Timeframe: 1-2 hours Valencia Peak - Montaña de Oro Montaña de Oro the beach and the bluff trail, there's a great Peak. The view is specta topl Visit the Ranger Station for other hiking ideas! . In addition to hike up Valer miles to is a great place to explore cular, and it's only two Directions: Take Foothill out of town towards Los Osos Valley (LOVR). Turn r through Los Osos to Montaña de Oro State Park. F windy road past the cove and the Ranger Stationt at the top of the hill. For Valencia Peak head inlat Bluff Trial head towards the ocean. Timeframe: 2-3 hours (Because of the drive) Ro ight on LOVR and drive to Los Osos. D Bright sunshine lights up Grand Canyon National Park after a recent rainstorm. Along with winter nowfal, monsoon rains in July, August, and September provide the moisture the plants and animals livirng in this semi-arid environment need to survive 
This object is most likely text.